Justin Bieber has a Spotify popularity index of 64 and a Twitter popularity index of 100.
Rihanna has a Spotify popularity index of 48 and a Twitter popularity index of 94.
Taylor Swift has a Spotify popularity index of 60 and a Twitter popularity index of 81.
Lady Gaga has a Spotify popularity index of 22 and a Twitter popularity index of 74.
Selena Gomez has a Spotify popularity index of 36 and a Twitter popularity index of 58.
Drake has a Spotify popularity index of 65 and a Twitter popularity index of 35.
Harry Styles has a Spotify popularity index of 23 and a Twitter popularity index of 33.
Chris Brown has a Spotify popularity index of 16 and a Twitter popularity index of 28.
Nicki Minaj has a Spotify popularity index of 25 and a Twitter popularity index of 24.
Eminem has a Spotify popularity index of 59 and a Twitter popularity index of 20.
Mariah Carey has a Spotify popularity index of 7 and a Twitter popularity index of 19.
David Guetta has a Spotify popularity index of 23 and a Twitter popularity index of 17.
Alejandro Sanz has a Spotify popularity index of 6 and a Twitter popularity index of 17.
Ed Sheeran has a Spotify popularity index of 100 and a Twitter popularity index of 15.
The Weeknd has a Spotify popularity index of 50 and a Twitter popularity index of 15.
Beyoncé has a Spotify popularity index of 31 and a Twitter popularity index of 13.
Diddy has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 13.
Kelly Clarkson has a Spotify popularity index of 8 and a Twitter popularity index of 10.
Wizkid has a Spotify popularity index of 2 and a Twitter popularity index of 9.
Lil Uzi Vert has a Spotify popularity index of 13 and a Twitter popularity index of 7.
KAROL G has a Spotify popularity index of 28 and a Twitter popularity index of 7.
Lil Nas X has a Spotify popularity index of 11 and a Twitter popularity index of 7.
Burna Boy has a Spotify popularity index of 3 and a Twitter popularity index of 7.
Sam Smith has a Spotify popularity index of 19 and a Twitter popularity index of 6.
Lil Baby has a Spotify popularity index of 11 and a Twitter popularity index of 6.
Post Malone has a Spotify popularity index of 36 and a Twitter popularity index of 6.
SZA has a Spotify popularity index of 8 and a Twitter popularity index of 6.
Doja Cat has a Spotify popularity index of 22 and a Twitter popularity index of 4.
Farruko has a Spotify popularity index of 13 and a Twitter popularity index of 4.
Tyga has a Spotify popularity index of 6 and a Twitter popularity index of 4.
Jonas Brothers has a Spotify popularity index of 6 and a Twitter popularity index of 4.
Bad Bunny has a Spotify popularity index of 57 and a Twitter popularity index of 4.
Bizarrap has a Spotify popularity index of 7 and a Twitter popularity index of 3.
Paul McCartney has a Spotify popularity index of 3 and a Twitter popularity index of 3.
Metro Boomin has a Spotify popularity index of 3 and a Twitter popularity index of 3.
Rema has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 3.
Quavo has a Spotify popularity index of 5 and a Twitter popularity index of 3.
Sia has a Spotify popularity index of 23 and a Twitter popularity index of 3.
Eagles has a Spotify popularity index of 8 and a Twitter popularity index of 3.
Pink Floyd has a Spotify popularity index of 16 and a Twitter popularity index of 3.
YG has a Spotify popularity index of 2 and a Twitter popularity index of 2.
OneRepublic has a Spotify popularity index of 13 and a Twitter popularity index of 2.
Oxlade has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 2.
French Montana has a Spotify popularity index of 4 and a Twitter popularity index of 2.
Gwen Stefani has a Spotify popularity index of 5 and a Twitter popularity index of 2.
Latto has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 2.
Rauw Alejandro has a Spotify popularity index of 13 and a Twitter popularity index of 2.
Ozuna has a Spotify popularity index of 32 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
Aerosmith has a Spotify popularity index of 12 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
Lizzo has a Spotify popularity index of 4 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
Arcángel has a Spotify popularity index of 8 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
Meghan Trainor has a Spotify popularity index of 11 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
NLE Choppa has a Spotify popularity index of 5 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
Kane Brown has a Spotify popularity index of 4 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
Tems has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
Lewis Capaldi has a Spotify popularity index of 9 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
Elton John has a Spotify popularity index of 9 and a Twitter popularity index of 1.
The Neighbourhood has a Spotify popularity index of 10 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Luke Combs has a Spotify popularity index of 7 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Jeremih has a Spotify popularity index of 5 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
GloRilla has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
John Lennon has a Spotify popularity index of 4 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Jazmine Sullivan has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Coi Leray has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Morgan Wallen has a Spotify popularity index of 4 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Brent Faiyaz has a Spotify popularity index of 2 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Darlene Love has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Lindsey Stirling has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
The Smashing Pumpkins has a Spotify popularity index of 3 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Zach Bryan has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Bas has a Spotify popularity index of 4 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Beach House has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Manuel Turizo has a Spotify popularity index of 10 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Oliver Tree has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Mariah the Scientist has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Brett Young has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
*NSYNC has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Ariana Grande has a Spotify popularity index of 80 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
AJR has a Spotify popularity index of 2 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Omar Apollo has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Wednesday Addams has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Carly Pearce has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Glass Animals has a Spotify popularity index of 3 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Jelly Roll has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Jessie Reyez has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Band Aid has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Apocalyptica has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
HARDY has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
David Foster has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Freddie Dredd has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Jax has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
MC L da Vinte has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
EST Gee has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Jordan Davis has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
RAYE has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
PinkPantheress has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Brenda Lee has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
The Pogues has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
King Combs has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Lainey Wilson has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Trans-Siberian Orchestra has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
La rappresentante di lista has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Peezy has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Real Boston Richey has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Chrishan has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Bhavi has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Future has a Spotify popularity index of 11 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
FaZe Kaysan has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Bellakath has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Steve Lacy has a Spotify popularity index of 2 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
MC Delux has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Hitkidd has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Armani White has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Wham! has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Big Boogie has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
JVKE has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Foudeqush has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
José Feliciano has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Chuck Berry has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Bailey Zimmerman has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
d4vd has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Aubrie Sellers has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
MOUNT WESTMORE has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Finesse2Tymes has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Nat "King" Cole has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Rosa Linn has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Mannheim Steamroller has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Babyface Ray has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Savatage has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Andy Williams has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Senora May has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Stephen Sanchez has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Hotel Ugly has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
TALK has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
KALEO has a Spotify popularity index of 1 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
IVOXYGEN has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Wolf Larsen has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
charlieonnafriday has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Donny Hathaway has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Libianca has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Jengi has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Lola Brooke has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
J.K. Mac has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Tom Odell has a Spotify popularity index of 2 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Beach Weather has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
The Cramps has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Feloman has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
The Ronettes has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Lambo4oe has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Asael gonzález has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Grupo Frontera has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Pallbearer4kt has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Feb Omega has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
The Waitresses has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Don Zio P has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Bobby Helms has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Moone Walker has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
The Drifters has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
$hyfromdatre has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Dj LK da Escócia has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
The Bones of J.R. Jones has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Nevermore Academy Orchestra has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
Song for Memories has a Spotify popularity index of 0 and a Twitter popularity index of 0.
